Add more usage examples (#1123)
collective/icalendar: docs/how-to/QA.rst

Author: I will add your suggestions and then move the content over into usage.rst.

==========
How do I …

> ==========

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Miscellaneous examples
======================
```

This document collects questions and their answers about how to solve a specific problem with icalendar.
If you have a question on how to solve a specific problem with icalendar, please post it on the `icalendar forum <https://github.com/collective/icalendar/discussions/categories/q-a>`_.

… convert icalendar to JSON?
============================

> The :doc:`jcal` documentation answers this question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the :doc:`jcal` documentation for how to convert iCalendar data to JSON.
```

… print event information?
==========================

> You can iterate over all events of icalendar, and print them like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To print all events of an iCalendar, iterate through them and print each as shown.
```

.. code-block:: pycon

    >>> from icalendar import Calendar
    >>> calendar = Calendar.example()  # open a calendar
    >>> for event in calendar.events:  # iterate over all events
    ...     print(event.summary)
    New Year's Day
    Orthodox Christmas
    International Women's Day

.. seealso::

    :attr:`Calendar.events <icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.events>`
    :attr:`~icalendar.cal.component.Component.subcomponents`

>     :meth:`~icalendar.cal.component.Component.walk`

Reviewer: Let's move the `seealso` block into https://icalendar.readthedocs.io/en/latest/how-to/usage.html#inspect-files.
